Hey- thank you for changing to a new assistant this time
It is Fujipu Media of Fairies which will be foot stand erotic this time .
Please
Yes I will do the assistant this time Mocha is a thread of thread Thank you
I will
I think that I have probably taken some parts now for yes
next
Sliding the bending and stretching, etc. foot of knee
Spicy and or come for example when bending the knee
return
Very
Oh
Isn't this slide big ?
Because not it I would aging Nante floor Once you outta luck
not
Ha
Ah ah ah ah
Doing in this kind of behavior when you slide
When sliding at this time
If you don't bend your knees, your feet will
It feels like I 'm stuck on the ground firmly by bending my knees
Of foot
12 there
Put a slide when the four of It's big bending
Meaux Das
Raise the knee
Put out
ride
Raise back knees kill
How to put the center of gravity when doing this
The time of the slide to the body before
I think all the way to the left foot
I'm an axial foot, so I'm going to ride on my feet.
1 Tteyuu wind Do and its Well I think the center of gravity
Give
Standing
End
Center of gravity + hold a guitar
Is a teak
h 23112
Follow
Let's make it go even with this movement
Upper body hand movement
People
Temporary
is not it
Oh one-two slip
It is from this shoulder called elbow
Yukibei who beat 3
Let's list knees and elbows together
One two three four
I know
Let's do this operation continuously Word
Well made teak 1 salt
3 garden poller exercises
Se
How to put the center of gravity as a point of center of gravity
It straight down to the bottom
Slide the sole of the foot
Make it slide parallel to the floor
You can raise firmly the knee to then
When the increase in our extended toe in time to raise the knee
I think that pizza doesn't freeze as well, so I'll look back and lie sideways when I'm fret
See
Gorilla 9 to do
I want to get nervous
As I tighten my body and raise my knees, I firmly fix the equipment .
Please lower your life
that's all